[doc] Improve Pulsar Security-athenz (#5053)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/security-athenz.md

sidebar_label: Authentication using Athenz
---

> [Athenz](https://github.com/yahoo/athenz) is a role-based authentication/authorization system. In Pulsar, you can use Athenz role tokens (aka *z-tokens*) to establish the identify of the client.

Reviewer: do not use abbreviation ("aka") in technical writing.

## Athenz authentication settings

> A [decentralized Athenz system](https://github.com/yahoo/athenz/blob/master/docs/dev_decentralized_access.md) contains both an [authori**Z**ation **M**anagement **S**ystem](https://github.com/yahoo/athenz/blob/master/docs/setup_zms.md) (ZMS) server and an  [authori**Z**ation **T**oken **S**ystem](https://github.com/yahoo/athenz/blob/master/docs/setup_zts.md) (ZTS) server.

Reviewer: 1. delete "both";
2. redundant space between "an" and "[authori**Z**ation **T**oken **S**ystem]".
When you pull request, check those typos by yourself first.

To begin, you need to set up Athenz service access control. You need to create domains for the *provider* (which provides some resources to other services with some authentication/authorization policies) and the *tenant* (which is provisioned to access some resources in a provider). In this case, the provider corresponds to the Pulsar service itself and the tenant corresponds to each application using Pulsar (typically, a [tenant](reference-terminology.md#tenant) in Pulsar).

### Create the tenant domain and service

On the [tenant](reference-terminology.md#tenant) side, you need to do the follwing things:

1. Create a domain, such as `shopping`
2. Generate a private/public key pair
3. Create a service, such as `some_app`, on the domain with the public key

Note that you need to specify the private key generated in step 2 when the Pulsar client connects to the [broker](reference-terminology.md#broker) (see client configuration examples for [Java](client-libraries-java.md#tls-authentication) and [C++](client-libraries-cpp.md#tls-authentication)).

> For more specific steps involving the Athenz UI, refer to [here](https://github.com/yahoo/athenz/blob/master/docs/example_service_athenz_setup.md#client-tenant-domain).

Reviewer: Nice catch!
If you replace "here" with specific info, it would be much better.

### Create the provider domain and add the tenant service to some role members

On the provider side, you need to do the follwing things:

1. Create a domain, such as `pulsar`
2. Create a role
3. Add the tenant service to members of the role

Note that you can specify any action and resource in step 2 since they are not used on Pulsar. In other words, Pulsar uses the Athenz role token only for authentication, *not* for authorization.

For more specific steps involving UI, refer to [here](https://github.com/yahoo/athenz/blob/master/docs/example_service_athenz_setup.md#server-provider-domain).

## Configure the broker for Athenz

> ### TLS encryption 
>
> Note that when you are using Athenz as an authentication provider, you had better use TLS encryption 

> > as it can protect role tokens from being intercepted and reused (for more details involving TLS encrption see [here](https://github.com/yahoo/athenz/blob/master/docs/data_model.md)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> as it can protect role tokens from being intercepted and reused. For more details on TLS encryption, see [here](https://github.com/yahoo/athenz/blob/master/docs/data_model.md).
```
